i think u should just text him like
Wait, why are you even scared? I genuinely don't understand why you're scared.
Uh-huh.
Wait, let me refute that. u dont know that.'How do you know he doesn't like you?
He's responding to all your messages. He took that bread from you.
I wouldn't take a bath, like a half idiot (***) no
a loaf of bread. I wouldn't take it.
But he did, so. Wait, I never said that.
Okay, I might take it, but then I throw it away. But he literally sent a photo of him eating it. So...
okay
Love knows no bounds. Love has no boundaries.
But what if like, what if in college you guys, you guys-
you guys go to like the college and then you like
Oh my god!
but like it doesn't hurt to try like you don't have anyone a better priority
Why?
That's probably how some tosses are played.
You guys both take Japanese 3. That's already one. You guys are in J-World.
maybe
Exactly, and I refuted your A and B, so there's nothing to be scared of.
I'll text him for u Then text him.
Okay, I'll hold you to it.
That's mean it's soon.
Exactly, so (***)
I can feel it in my bones. And once that happens...
u will be texting him
because if its happen i am gonna text him
Exactly so that's like all the more reason
I sure hope you do.
There's a lot of scenarios that are good though.
Is that really that bad?
What he's he's probably just not a message like like a lot of people I look
You and I are like chronic message lockers, but other people aren't.
wait that's true like i told you like sometimes i replied it in my head and i am like..
and then I don't actually reply what if he did that too and I didn't realize
Yeah, but what if I don't realize? What if you didn't realize?
Exactly.
I'm gonna keep talking about Mitchell.
ohh right.
That makes you seem like a stalker
If you post something about it, you can tell.
So, I'm gonna hold you to it.
carti drops The album
or lamb chops an album or he posts about like track
And you know I will.
You can pretend you're in shock.
Well it depends on what you post, but we'll think of something.
Wait, you can ask about J-boy. Ask about J-boy.